Add Serverless configuration options for Data Prepper (#5663)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sinks/opensearch.md

      bulk_size: 4
```

> To configure an [Amazon OpenSearch Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/what-is.html) sink, specify the domain endpoint as the `hosts` option and set `serverless` to `true`:

Reviewer: Amazon OpenSearch Service (AOS) is different from Amazon OpenSearch Service Serverless (AOSS). I think we either want two sections (one for AOS and another for AOSS) or just keep it the way it was without any Serverless specific information.

> ```json

Reviewer: This is `yaml` so you can change this line back.

number_of_replicas | No | Integer | The number of replica shards each primary shard should have on the destination OpenSearch server. For example, if you have 4 primary shards and set number_of_replicas to 3, the index has 12 replica shards. This parameter is effective only when `template_file` is either explicitly provided in Sink configuration or built-in. If this parameter is set, it would override the value in index template file. For more information, see [Create index]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/create-index/).
distribution_version | No | String | Indicates whether the sink backend version is Elasticsearch 6 or later. `es6` represents Elasticsearch 6. `default` represents the latest compatible backend version, such as Elasticsearch 7.x, OpenSearch 1.x, or OpenSearch 2.x. Default is `default`.
enable_request_compression | No | Boolean | Whether to enable compression when sending requests to OpenSearch. When `distribution_version` is set to `es6`, default is `false`. For all other distribution versions, default is `true`. 

> serverless | No | Boolean | Determines whether the OpenSearch Backend is Amazon OpenSearch Serverless. Set this value to `true` when the destination for the `opensearch` sink is an Amazon OpenSearch Serverless collection. Default is `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
serverless | No | Boolean | Determines whether the OpenSearch Backend is Amazon OpenSearch Serverless. Set this value to `true` when the destination for the `opensearch` sink is an Amazon OpenSearch Serverless collection. Default is `false`.
```

serverless_options | No | Object | The network configuration options available when the backend of the `opensearch` sink is set to Amazon OpenSearch Serverless. For more information, see [Serverless options](#serverless-options).

### Serverless options

The following options can be used in the `serverless_options` object.

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---| :---
network_policy_name | Yes | String | The name of the network policy to create.

> collection_name | Yes | String | The name of the Amazon OpenSearch Service collection to configure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
collection_name | Yes | String | The name of the Amazon OpenSearch Serverless collection to configure.
```

> vpce_id | Yes | String | The VPC endpoint the source connects to.

Reviewer 2: Should we define virtual private cloud (VPC)?

number_of_replicas | No | Integer | The number of replica shards each primary shard should have on the destination OpenSearch server. For example, if you have 4 primary shards and set number_of_replicas to 3, the index has 12 replica shards. This parameter is effective only when `template_file` is either explicitly provided in Sink configuration or built-in. If this parameter is set, it would override the value in index template file. For more information, see [Create index]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/create-index/).
distribution_version | No | String | Indicates whether the sink backend version is Elasticsearch 6 or later. `es6` represents Elasticsearch 6. `default` represents the latest compatible backend version, such as Elasticsearch 7.x, OpenSearch 1.x, or OpenSearch 2.x. Default is `default`.
enable_request_compression | No | Boolean | Whether to enable compression when sending requests to OpenSearch. When `distribution_version` is set to `es6`, default is `false`. For all other distribution versions, default is `true`. 

> serverless | No | Boolean | Determines whether the OpenSearch Backend is Amazon OpenSearch Serverless. When `true`, ISM policies are not supported in the Amazon OpenSearch Service, therefore any ISM-related configurations set in the sink will have no effect. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: > When `true`, ISM policies are not supported in the Amazon OpenSearch Service, therefore any ISM-related configurations set in the sink will have no effect. Default is `false`.

This is no longer true.

This flag is necessary to authenticate with an AOSS collection. So I'd probably say something like the following:

> Set this value to `true` when the destination OpenSearch sink is an Amazon OpenSearch Serverless collection.

> serverless | No | Boolean | Determines whether the OpenSearch Backend is Amazon OpenSearch Serverless. When `true`, ISM policies are not supported in the Amazon OpenSearch Service, therefore any ISM-related configurations set in the sink will have no effect. Default is `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
serverless | No | Boolean | Determines whether the OpenSearch Backend is Amazon OpenSearch Serverless. Set this value to true when the destination for the `opensearch` sink is an Amazon OpenSearch Serverless collection. Default is `false`.
```

> serverless_options | No | String | Additional configuration options when the backend of the `s3` sink is set to Amazon OpenSearch Serverless.

Reviewer: The `serverless_options` configuration is a nested configuration. When configured, it will setup a network policy. It has the following fields:

* `network_policy_name` - The name of the network policy to create.
* `collection_name` - The name of the AOSS collection to configure
* `vpce_id` - A VPC endpoint to connect

Author: I'll add these options in a separate section.

> serverless_options | No | String | Additional configuration options when the backend of the `s3` sink is set to Amazon OpenSearch Serverless.

Author: ```suggestion
serverless_options | No | JSON Array | Additional configuration options when the backend of the `s3` sink is set to Amazon OpenSearch Serverless.
```
